ok this is the lesson on the intro to
YouTube one first part is i'm going to
show you inside prepared so first part
is you start your middle finger on the
first fret and you slide up to the fifth
so it's so that's and this is mine then
you go to an a minor chord ah so it goes
out on your baby finger or two here
sauce slide
yeah so that's the first first
second part is you go on to a bar chord
on the fifth fret and you don't buy the
first string yoni burn your first finger
here damn tree so yeah there you go take
off the last two you go to an escort
over here then you go under foot on the
loose so you play your strong these two
strings so just sort of trip so I get
normal speed
you
and that's it so I'll go over all more
time the slide is this first then you
wanted this
see